Tao of Drupal
  Tao de Jing - quotes
  Big modules are going to be framework based, since not many ppl need to use my custom, niche case module.

WYSIWYGs are bad, and you should feel bad
  Zoidberg
  Use markdown, easier for clients who have some technical prowess.
  Premier module using MD with live preview on the side.

Git for company developers and freelancers (Panel with Marlene)
  Why it's important, git remembers your past.
    It remembers everything, including passwords
      git reset -> git commit --amend -> change pwd - you're hosed.
    Git bisect makes finding the bug, post commit, easier.
      Binary search, start with good and bad, find bad
    Everything's in patches, can be emailed.
    Git can be used offline, like on the train, or on a 9 hour flight to Sao Paulo, nudge nudge.
    Encourages a branching style of concurrent development
      Why concurrent - more stable - bandwidth
      BASE - Mike - views - panels - features - custom fields
        \                                                       \ Merge
         Marlene - theme - jQuery - views tpls (pay attention)   - merge branches - resolve merge conflict - deploy and happy day

     What if my code was crap - cherry picking the best commits is trivial.
     Branching branches, why not?  But that goes into the weeds.
  How to use it, screencast of installing it (on mac?), creating a repo.
    Possibly add integration to Netbeans, Eclipse.
  Getting it offsite (GH, Bitbucket, self-hosted with an rPi)
    Benefits of getting it offsite - dead hard drives happen
  git tips and tricks, whiz bangs and headslappers
    Post gitconfig to GH

Omega and delta, more than two thirds of a sorority
  Omega is the starter theme that has a lot of ppl talking.
  Possible panels integration with themes.
  Recycle notes from PDUG presentation.

Drupal site building in memes.
  Drupal site building can be tricky, it's not glamorous like designing or powerful like developing base functionality, but it's crucial.  Clients will be more affected by the small decisions that are made by sitebuilders.  Decisions often overlooked by management and the client.
  Issue queue success kid - maybe too dev heavy
  Features all the things
  Insanity Wolf format filter php for anons
  Xibit yo dawg permissions and roles
  Inception theme / feature changes regression
  Drush all the things
  Confession bear themes out issues instead of fixing them.
  Good guy Greg helps out in IRC
  Bad luck Brian updates conrib, breaks site.
  Scumbag Steve creates a fix for a bug, doesn't post fix or patch.
  Insanity wolf
